"A Perfectly Good Heart"  [Chorus 1:] Why would you wanna break a perfectly good heart? Why would you wanna take our love and tear it all apart,now? Why would you wanna make the very first scar? Why would you wanna break a perfectly good heart?  Maybe I should've seen the signs, should've read the writing on the wall. And realized by the distance in your eyes that I would be the one to fall. No matter what you say, I still can't believe That you would walk away. It don't make sense to me, but:  [Repeat Chorus 1:] Why would you wanna break a perfectly good heart? Why would you wanna take our love and tear it all apart, now? Why would you wanna make the very first scar? Why would you wanna break a perfectly good heart?  It's not unbroken anymore. How do I get it back the way it was before?  [Chorus 2:] Why would you wanna break a perfectly good heart? Why would you wanna take our love and tear it all apart,now? Why would you wanna make the very first scar? Why would you wanna break, would you wanna break a:  [Repeat Chorus 1:] Why would you wanna break a perfectly good heart? Why would you wanna take our love and tear it all apart, now? Why would you wanna make the very first scar? Why would you wanna break a perfectly good heart?   	
"Astronomy Domine"   Lime and limpid green, a second scene A fight between the blue you once knew. Floating down, the sound resounds Around the icy waters underground. Jupiter and Saturn, Oberon, Miranda and Titania. Neptune, Titan, Stars can frighten. Lime and limpid green, a second scene A fight between the blue you once knew. Floating down, the sound resounds Around the icy waters underground. Jupiter and Saturn, Oberon, Miranda and Titania. Neptune, Titan, Stars can frighten. Blinding signs flap, Flicker, flicker, flicker blam. Pow, pow. Stairway scare, Dan Dare, who's there? Lime and limpid green, the sounds around The icy waters under Lime and limpid green, the sounds around The icy waters underground.  	
"Bike"  I've got a bike. You can ride it if you like. It's got a basket, a bell that rings and Things to make it look good. I'd give it to you if I could, but I borrowed it. You're the kind of girl that fits in with my world. I'll give you anything, ev'rything if you want things. I've got a cloak. It's a bit of a joke. There's a tear up the front. It's red and black. I've had it for months. If you think it could look good, then I guess it should. You're the kind of girl that fits in with my world. I'll give you anything, ev'rything if you want things. I know a mouse, and he hasn't got a house. I don't know why. I call him Gerald. He's getting rather old, but he's a good mouse. You're the kind of girl that fits in with my world. I'll give you anything, ev'rything if you want things. I've got a clan of gingerbread men. Here a man, there a man, lots of gingerbread men. Take a couple if you wish. They're on the dish. You're the kind of girl that fits in with my world. I'll give you anything, ev'rything if you want things. I know a room of musical tunes. Some rhyme, some ching. Most of them are clockwork. Let's go into the other room and make them work. 	
"Chapter 24"   A movement is accomplished in six stages And the seventh brings return. The seven is the number of the young light It forms when darkness is increased by one. Change returns success Going and coming without error. Action brings good fortune. Sunset. The time is with the month of winter solstice When the change is due to come. Thunder in the other course of heaven. Things cannot be destroyed once and for all. Change returns success Going and coming without error. Action brings good fortune. Sunset, sunrise. A movement is accomplished in six stages And the seventh brings return. The seven is the number of the young light It forms when darkness is increased by one. Change returns success Going and coming without error. Action brings good fortune. Sunset, sunrise.    	
"Fearless"  There's somethin' 'bout the way The street looks when it's just rained There's a glow off the pavement You walk me to the car And you know I wanna ask you to dance right there In the middle of the parking lot Yeah Oh yeah  We're drivin' down the road I wonder if you know I'm tryin' so hard not to get caught up now But you're just so cool Run your hands through your hair Absent-mindedly makin' me want you  And I don't know how it gets better than this You take my hand and drag me head first Fearless And I don't know why but with you I'd dance in a storm in my best dress Fearless  So, baby, drive slow 'Til we run out of road in this one horse town I wanna stay right here in this passenger's seat You put your eyes on me In this moment now capture it, remember it  'Cause I don't know how it gets better than this You take my hand and drag me head first Fearless And I don't know why but with you I'd dance in a storm in my best dress Fearless  Well, you stood there with me in the doorway My hands shake I'm not usually this way But you pull me in and I'm a little more brave It's the first kiss, It's flawless, Really something, It's fearless.  Oh yeah  'Cause I don't know how it gets better than this You take my hand and drag me head first Fearless And I don't know why but with you I'd dance in a storm in my best dress Fearless  'Cause I don't know how it gets better than this You take my hand and drag me head first Fearless And I don't know why but with you I'd dance in a storm in my best dress Fearless  Oh-oh Oh yeah 	
"Flaming"   Alone in the clouds all blue Lying on an eiderdown. Yippee! You can't see me But I can you. Lazing in the foggy dew Sitting on a unicorn. No fair, you can't hear me But I can you. Watching buttercups cup the light Sleeping on a dandelion. Too much, I won't touch you But then I might. Screaming through the starlit sky Travelling by telephone. Hey ho, here we go Ever so high. Alone in the clouds all blue Lying on an eiderdown. Yippee! You can't see me But I can you.    	
"Let There Be More Light"   Far, far, far away - way People heard him say - say I will find a way - way There will come a day - day Something will be done. Then at last the mighty ship Descending on a point of flame Made contact with the human race at Mildenhall  Now, now, now is the time - time Time to be - be - be aware Carter's father saw him there and knew the Rhull revealed to him the glowing soul of Hereward The Wake.  Oh, my, something in my eye - eye Something in the sky - sky Waiting there for me The outer lock rolls slowly back The service men were heard to sigh For there revealed in glowing robes Was Lucy in the sky  Oh - oh - did you ever know - know Never ever will they I cannot say Summoning his cosmic powers And glowing slightly from his toes The psychic emanations fly   	
"Love Story"  We were both young when I first saw you. I close my eyes and the flashback starts: I'm standing there on a balcony in summer air.  See the lights, see the party, the ball gowns. See you make your way through the crowd And say, "Hello." Little did I know...  That you were Romeo, you were throwing pebbles, And my daddy said, "Stay away from Juliet." And I was crying on the staircase Begging you, "Please don't go." And I said...  Romeo, take me somewhere we can be alone. I'll be waiting; all that's left to do is run. You'll be the prince and I'll be the princess, It's a love story, baby, just say "Yes".  So I sneak out to the garden to see you. We keep quiet 'cause we're dead if they knew So close your eyes, Escape this town for a little while. Oh, oh.  'Cause you were Romeo, I was a scarlet letter, And my daddy said, "Stay away from Juliet." But you were everything to me, I was begging you, "Please don't go." And I said...  Romeo, take me somewhere we can be alone. I'll be waiting; all that's left to do is run. You'll be the prince and I'll be the princess. It's a love story, baby, just say "Yes".  Romeo, save me. They're trying to tell me how to feel. This love is difficult but it's real. Don't be afraid, we'll make it out of this mess. It's a love story, baby, just say "Yes".  Oh, oh, oh.  I got tired of waiting Wondering if you were ever coming around. My faith in you was fading When I met you on the outskirts of town. And I said...  Romeo, save me. I've been feeling so alone. I keep waiting for you, but you never come. Is this in my head? I don't know what to think. He knelt to the ground and pulled out a ring and said...  Marry me, Juliet, you'll never have to be alone. I love you, and that's all I really know. I talked to your dad – go pick out a white dress It's a love story, baby, just say "Yes".  Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.  'Cause we were both young when I first saw you 	
"Lucifer Sam"  Lucifer Sam, siam cat. Always sitting by your side Always by your side. That cat's something I can't explain. Ginger, ginger, Jennifer Gentle you're a witch. You're the left side He's the right side. Oh, no! That cat's something I can't explain. Lucifer go to sea. Be a hip cat, be a ship's cat. Somewhere, anywhere. That cat's something I can't explain. At night prowling sifting sand. Hiding around on the ground. He'll be found when you're around. That cat's something I can't explain.  	"Matilda Mother"   There was a king who ruled the land. His majesty was in command. With silver eyes the scarlet eagle Showers silver on the people. Oh Mother, tell me more. Why'd'ya have to leave me there Hanging in my infant air Waiting? You only have to read the lines They're scribbly black and everything shines. Across the stream with wooden shoes With bells to tell the king the news A thousand misty riders climb up Higher once upon a time. Wandering and dreaming The words have different meaning. Yes they did. For all the time spent in that room The doll's house, darkness, old perfume And fairy sories held me high on Clouds of sunlight floating by. Oh Mother, tell me more Tell me more.  	
"Mine"  Uh, oh, oh Uh, oh, oh  You were in college working part time waiting tables Left a small town, never looked back I was a flight risk with a fear of fallin’ Wondering why we bother with love if it never lasts  I say, "Can you believe it?" As we’re lying on the couch The moment I can see it. Yes, yes, I can see it now.  Do you remember, we were sitting there by the water? You put your arm around me for the first time. You made a rebel of a careless man’s careful daughter. You are the best thing that’s ever been mine.  Flash forward and we’re taking on the world together, And there’s a drawer of my things at your place. You learn my secrets and you figure out why I’m guarded, You say we’ll never make my parents’ mistakes.  But we got bills to pay, We got nothing figured out, When it was hard to take, Yes, yes, this is what I thought about.  Do you remember, we were sitting there by the water? You put your arm around me for the first time You made a rebel of a careless man’s careful daughter You are the best thing that’s ever been mine.  Do you remember all the city lights on the water? You saw me start to believe for the first time You made a rebel of a careless man’s careful daughter You are the best thing that’s ever been mine.  Oh, oh, oh, oh  And I remember that fight Two-thirty AM As everything was slipping right out of our hands I ran out crying and you followed me out into the street Braced myself for the "Goodbye." ‘Cause that’s all I’ve ever known Then you took me by surprise You said, "I’ll never leave you alone."  You said, "I remember how we felt sitting by the water. And every time I look at you, it’s like the first time. I fell in love with a careless man’s careful daughter. She is the best thing that’s ever been mine."  Hold on, make it last Hold on, never turn back  You made a rebel of a careless man’s careful daughter You are the best thing that’s ever been mine.  (Hold on) do you believe it? (Hold on) we're gonna make it now. (Hold on) and I can see it, (Yes, yes) I can see it now (see it now, see it now...)   	
"Remember A Day"   Remember a day before today A day when you were young. Free to play alone with time Evening never came. Sing a song that can't be sung Without the morning's kiss Queen - you shall be it if you wish Look for your king Why can't we play today Why can't we stay that way Climb your favorite apple tree Try to catch the sun Hide from your little brother's gun Dream yourself away Why can't we reach the sun Why can't we blow the years away Blow away Blow away Remember Remember   	
"Set The Controls For The Heart Of The Sun"   Little by little the night turns around. Counting the leaves which tremble at dawn Lotuses lean on each other in yearning Under the eaves the swallow is resting  Set the controls for the heart of the sun.  Over the mountain watching the watcher. Breaking the darkness, waking the grapevine. One inch of love is one inch of shadow Love is the shadow that ripens the wine.  Set the controls for the heart of the sun. The heart of the sun, the heart of the sun.  Witness the man who raves at the wall Making the shape of his questions to Heaven Whether the sun will fall in the evening Will he remember the lesson of giving?  Set the controls for the heart of the sun. The heart of the sun, the heart of the sun.    	
"Stay Beautiful"  Cory's eyes are like a jungle He smiles, it's like the radio He whispers songs into my window In words that nobody knows There's pretty girls on every corner That watch him as he's walking home Saying, "Does he know?" Will you ever know?  [Chorus:] You're beautiful Every little piece love, And don't you know You're really gonna be someone, Ask anyone. And when you find everything you looked for I hope your life lead you back to my door Oh, but if it don't, Stay beautiful  Cory finds another way to be The highlight of my day I'm taking pictures in my mind So I can save them for a rainy day It's hard to make a conversation When he's taking my breath away I should say, hey, by the way...  [Chorus]  If you and I are a story That never gets told If what you are is a daydream I'll never get to hold, At least you'll know...  You're beautiful Every little piece love, And don't you know You're really gonna be someone, Ask anyone. And when you find everything you looked for, I hope your life lead you back to my front door. Oh, but if it don't Will you stay Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful La la la Oh, oh, oh, oh, Oh, but if it don't, Stay beautiful Stay beautiful Na, na, na, na, na 	
"Take Up Thy Stethescope And Walk"   Doctor doctor! I'm in bed Achin' head Gold is lead Choke on bread Underfed Gold is lead Jesus bled Pain is red Are goon Grow go Greasy spoon You swoon June bloom Music seems to help the pain Seems to cultivate the brain. Doctor kindly tell your wife that I'm alive - flowers thrive - realize - realize Realize.  	
"The Gnome"   I want to tell you a story About a little man If I can. A gnome named Grimble Grumble. And little gnomes stay in their homes. Eating, sleeping, drinking their wine. He wore a scarlet tunic, A blue green hood, It looked quite good. He had a big adventure Amidst the grass Fresh air at last. Wining, dining, biding his time. And then one day - hooray! Another way for gnomes to say Hoooooooooray. Look at the sky, look at the river Isn't it good? Look at the sky, look at the river Isn't it good? Winding, finding places to go. And then one day - hooray! Another way for gnomes to say Hoooooooooray. Hooooooooooooooray.  	
"The Lucky One"  New to town with a made up name in the angel's city, Chasing fortune and fame. And the camera flashes, make it look like a dream.  You had it figured out since you were in school. Everybody loves pretty, everybody loves cool. So overnight you look like a sixties’ queen.  Another name goes up in lights, like diamonds in the sky.  And they’ll tell you now, you’re the lucky one. Yeah, they’ll tell you now, you’re the lucky one. But can you tell me now, you’re the lucky one, oh, oh, oh...  Now it’s big black cars, and Riviera views, And your lover in the foyer doesn't even know you And your secrets end up splashed on the news front page.  And they tell you that you’re lucky. But you’re so confused, 'Cause you don’t feel pretty, you just feel used. And all the young things line up to take your place.  Another name goes up in lights. You wonder if you’ll make it out alive.  And they’ll tell you now, you’re the lucky one. Yeah, they’ll tell you now, you’re the lucky one. Can you tell me now, you’re the lucky one, oh, oh, oh.  It was a few years later, I showed up here. And they still tell the legend of how you disappeared, How you took the money and your dignity, and got the hell out. They say you bought a bunch of land somewhere, Chose the Rose Garden over Madison Square, And it took some time, but I understand it now.  ‘Cause now my name is up in lights, but I think you got it right,  Let me tell you now, you’re the lucky one. Let me tell you now, you’re the lucky one. Let me tell you now, you’re the lucky one, oh, oh, oh.  Yeah they’ll tell you now, you’re the lucky one. Yeah, they’ll tell you now, you’re the lucky one. And they’ll tell you now, you’re the lucky one, oh, oh, oh. Oh, whoa, oh, oh 	
"The Scarecrow"  The black and green scarecrow as everyone knows Stood with a bird on his hat and straw everywhere. He didn't care. He stood in a field where barley grows. His head did no thinking His arms didn't move except then the wind cut up Rough and mice ran around on the ground He stood in a field where barley grows. The black and green scarecrow is sadder than me But now he's resigned to his fate 'Cause life's not unkind - he doesn't mind. He stood in a field where barley grows. 	
"The Story Of Us"  I used to think one day we'd tell the story of us, How we met and the sparks flew instantly, and people would say, "They're the lucky ones." I used to know my place was the spot next to you, Now I'm searching the room for an empty seat, 'Cause lately I don't even know what page you're on.  Oh, a simple complication, Miscommunications lead to fall-out. So many things that I wish you knew, So many walls up I can't break through.  [Chorus:] Now I'm standing alone in a crowded room and we're not speaking, And I'm dying to know is it killing you like it's killing me, yeah? I don't know what to say, since the twist of fate when it all broke down, And the story of us looks a lot like a tragedy now.  Next chapter.  How'd we end up this way? See me nervously pulling at my clothes and trying to look busy, And you're doing your best to avoid me. I'm starting to think one day I'll tell the story of us, How I was losing my mind when I saw you here, But you held your pride like you should've held me.  Oh, I'm scared to see the ending, Why are we pretending this is nothing? I'd tell you I miss you but I don't know how, I've never heard silence quite this loud.  [Chorus:] Now I'm standing alone in a crowded room and we're not speaking, And I'm dying to know is it killing you like it's killing me, yeah? I don't know what to say, since the twist of fate when it all broke down, And the story of us looks a lot like a tragedy now.  This is looking like a contest, Of who can act like they care less, But I liked it better when you were on my side. The battle's in your hands now, But I would lay my armor down If you said you'd rather love than fight. So many things that you wish I knew, But the story of us might be ending soon.  [Chorus:] Now I'm standing alone in a crowded room and we're not speaking, And I'm dying to know is it killing you like it's killing me, yeah? I don't know what to say, since the twist of fate when it all broke down, And the story of us looks a lot like a tragedy now, now, now. And we're not speaking, And I'm dying to know is it killing you like it's killing me, yeah? I don't know what to say, since the twist of fate 'cause we're going down, And the story of us looks a lot like a tragedy now.   
"I Want To Hold Your Hand"  Oh yeah, I'll tell you something I think you'll understand When I say that something I wanna hold your hand I wanna hold your hand I wanna hold your hand  Oh please, say to me You'll let me be your man And please, say to me You'll let me hold your hand You let me hold your hand I wanna hold your hand  And when I touch you I feel happy Inside It's such a feeling that my love I can't hide I can't hide I can't hide  Yeah, you've got that something I think you'll understand When I say that something I wanna hold your hand I wanna hold your hand I wanna hold your hand  And when I touch you I feel happy Inside It's such a feeling that my love I can't hide I can't hide I can't hide  Yeah, you've got that something I think you'll understand When I feel that something I wanna hold your hand I wanna hold your hand I wanna hold your hand I wanna hold your hand  
"Going Away"  Please don't forget me, I'm going away. I'm taking a taxi to Kentucky, where they don't even know all about me; I just need to feel safe. I've got a thousand sweaters, and shoes, and paintings to hide; the skeletons in my way, (don't ask where) I'm going  I'm going away, I'm going my way. Finally, it's my time, to be lonely enough. Unloved and I can't wait. Dont forget what I said; don't forget my letter. every night I pray for you. I don't got a religion. Isnt that something? I miss those days.  I see that bottle; it's now ten years aged. I've got the marbles I could sell for money; got a pair of fresh shaved legs. Wont you baby come with me? I've got a extra space in my car, in my heart, in my mind Look there's the passenger seat by the boat that you gave Don't know where I'm going...  I'm going away, I'm going my way. finally it's my time, to be lonely enough. Unloved and I can't wait. Dont forget what I said; don't forget my letter. every night I pray for you, I don't got a religion. Isnt that something? I miss those days.  Well he said, slow down; slow down; Think it over; weve all got wretched closets. A silly girl pride kills more than AIDS lately I say come on, I've thought it over, I don't wanna die here; I've no desire to get married.  I can't read the others anymore. Alone; I must learn to race myself  I'm going away, I'm going my way finally it's my time, to be lonely enough. Unloved and I can't wait please forget what I said, please forget my letter. Every night I pray for you; I don't got a religion to think that something will make those days.  I, I'm not going halfway I'll find my way I, I, Every night I pray for you, Don't believe in Heaven or that it could be a happy place I, I'm going away  
"Happy" It might seem crazy what I'm about to say Sunshine she's here, you can take a break I'm a hot air balloon that could go to space With the air, like I don't care, baby, by the way  Uh  [Chorus:] Because I'm happy Clap along if you feel like a room without a roof Because I'm happy Clap along if you feel like happiness is the truth Because I'm happy Clap along if you know what happiness is to you Because I'm happy Clap along if you feel like that's what you wanna do  [Verse 2:] Here come bad news talking this and that, yeah, Well, give me all you got, and don't hold it back, yeah, Well, I should probably warn you I'll be just fine, yeah, No offense to you, don't waste your time Here's why  [Chorus]  Hey Go Uh  [Bridge:] (Happy) Bring me down Can't nothing Bring me down My level's too high Bring me down Can't nothing Bring me down I said (let me tell you now) Bring me down Can't nothing Bring me down My level's too high Bring me down Can't nothing Bring me down I said  [Chorus 2x]  Hey Go Uh  (Happy) [repeats] Bring me down... can't nothing... Bring me down... my level's too high... Bring me down... can't nothing... Bring me down, I said (let me tell you now)
"Travelling Like The Light"  Is there any wonder why I'm shining tonight Is there any wonder why I speed like motorbikes Is there any wonder how you make me feel alright Is there any wonder why my energy's so bright  You know it ain't easy You know it's so hard when love comes  I try to deny when my surface butterflies And I try to resist when you say that it's alright And I try to believe that it's nothing but a crush But it's incredible, so incredible I'm travelling like the light  Light, light, light, light Light, light, light, light  Is there any wonder why you give me little chills Is there any wonder why this feels sincere and brill Is there any wonder why I'm running through the night Is there any wonder why thsi feeling gives me frights  You know it ain't easy You know it's so hard when love comes  I try to deny when my surface butterflies And I try to resist when you say that it's alright And I try to believe that it's nothing but a crush But it's incredible, so incredible I'm travelling like the light  Light, light, light, light Travelling like the light Light, light, light, light  It's so complicated how your feelings can get you And your heart wants to just run away It's so, confusing and so frustrating when you love And you don't want to give it up, no  I try to deny when my surface butterflies And I try to resist when you say that it's alright And I try to believe that it's nothing but a crush But it's incredible, so incredible I'm travelling like the light
"Still I'm Sad" See the stars come fallin' down from the sky Gently passing, they kiss your tear drops dry See the wind come, softly blow Your hair from your face And the rain comes falling down In its crazy way Still I'm sad  For myself my tears just fall in the dust As I search in the night and find they're lost See the wind come gently blow Time into my heart And the rain comes falling down While we're apart Still I'm sad  
